Fix formatting for NOTES sections (#22139)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/dumps.md

You can anlayze dumps using the [`dotnet-dump`](dotnet-dump.md) CLI tool or with [Visual Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/debugger/using-dump-files).

> [!NOTE]

> > Visual Studio 16.8 and later allows you to [open Linux dumps](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/linux-managed-memory-dump-debugging/) generated on .NET Core 3.1.7 or later.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Visual Studio version 16.8 and later allows you to [open Linux dumps](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/linux-managed-memory-dump-debugging/) generated on .NET Core 3.1.7 or later.  
```

> [!NOTE]

> > If native debugging is necessary, the [SOS debugger extension](sos-debugging-extension.md) can be used with and [LLDB on Linux/MacOS](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/debug-linux-dumps#analyze-dumps-on-linux). SOS is also supported with [Windbg/cdb](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-hardware/drivers/debugger/debugger-download-tools) on Windows though Visual Studio is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If native debugging is necessary, the [SOS debugger extension](sos-debugging-extension.md) can be used with [LLDB on Linux and macOS](debug-linux-dumps.md#analyze-dumps-on-linux). SOS is also supported with [Windbg/cdb](/windows-hardware/drivers/debugger/debugger-download-tools) on Windows, although Visual Studio is recommended.
```
